Updated details on maintenance updates schedule (#1760)
aiven/devportal: docs/platform/concepts/maintenance-window.rst

.. Note:: 

    While the DNS name remains the same, the IP address it points to, will change during a maintenance break. To know more about static IP addresses, check the :doc:`related documentation <static-ips>`.

Maintenance updates

> ===================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

Reviewer: Changing this to create a heading instead of page title.

> 

Reviewer: Suggested rewording: 

Security updates, platform updates that affect reliability or stability of the service nodes, and quarterly patch updates are always mandatory. Other updates are initially optional. Advance notice is given for all updates. After optional updates have been available for six months, they become mandatory and are applied on the next week's maintenance window at the earliest. This means you have at least 7 days advance notice with exception of critical security updates. These critical updates are applied in the maintenance window of the current week.

Author: Updated, thank you so much!

> Updates are initially available as optional, once it reaches the 6 months mark it becomes mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates are initially optional. After they have been available for six months, they become mandatory. Mandatory updates are applied with at least seven days advance notice with the exception of critical security updates, which are applied in the maintenance window of the current week.
```

Reviewer: Reworded for clarity.

> Service quarterly patch updates are always mandatory with 6 months advance notice.  Other updates are initially optional. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Security updates, platform updates which affect reliability or stability of the service nodes, as well as quarterly patch updates are always mandatory with advance notice of week(s).  Other updates are initially optional. 
```

Reviewer 2: (I wouldn't give exact numbers, but for PG quarterly the number is in 2-3 weeks range usually)

> Once updates are set to be mandatory, these updates would be applied on the next week's maintenance window or after, which gives at least 7 days in advance with exception of critical security related updates would be applied in the maintenance of the current week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
